100 damned second master, why don't you marry me?
There are still 10 buckets of water
It's a pity that my daughter was sold
Second Young Master, you are too generous
It's nothing.
As long as you are willing to marry my daughter to me
It's only going to get more and more.
Don't worry about eating and drinking anymore
Second young master, thank you so much
I'm going to call Xiaoting out now
The owner is the second young master who went to Henan to propose marriage
Raising him can't let him succeed
Xiao He, get ready, let's go to the next batch too.
Why do we go to the next batch?
Could it be that this good cabbage was arched by a pig?
I understand that if you want to arch, you have to be Ning Gong
Write it right, Auntie, I don't want it.
Come and meet the second young master
You will be his from now on
Bull
Second Young Master, he is not a good person
I beg you not to let me marry him
I'm begging you. What are you talking about?
Except for the second young master now
Who else can offer so much dowry?
The second young master laughed
If he doesn't listen in the future
You go to work hard with a whip
Don't worry
I will definitely spur him well when I go back
Second Young Master, the plateau is basically going back up
Let him make me stupid
Godmother Godmother
I don't want to marry him
It's no use shouting today
You were born to the second young master
Death is the ghost of the second young master
I'm home, I don't want to put him down for me
As long as I'm here today
No one can take him away